"Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out." ~John Wooden
"If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for the ordinary." ~Jim Rohn
"Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success." ~Swami Vivekananda
"All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them." ~Walt Disney
"Good things come to people who wait, but better things come to those who go out and get them." ~Anonymous
"Just when the caterpillar thought the world was ending, he turned into a butterfly." ~Proverb
"Successful entrepreneurs are givers and not takers of positive energy." ~Anonymous
"Whenever you see a successful person you only see the public glories, never the private sacrifices to reach them." ~Vaibhav Shah
"Opportunities don't happen, you create them." ~Chris Grosser
"Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value." ~Albert Einstein
"Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people." ~Eleanor Roosevelt
"If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents- start charging for it." ~Kim Garst
"Don't raise your voice, improve your argument." ~Anonymous
"The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away." ~Anonymous
"The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success." ~Bruce Feirstein
"Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." ~John D. Rockefeller
"No masterpiece was ever created by a lazy artist".~ Anonymous
"Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting." ~Anonymous
"Life is not about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." ~Lolly Daskal
"Knowledge is being aware of what you can do. Wisdom is knowing when not to do it." ~Anonymous
"Your problem isn't the problem. Your reaction is the problem." ~Anonymous
"Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower." ~Steve Jobs
"There are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed." ~Ray Goforth
"Thinking should become your capital asset, no matter whatever ups and downs you come across in your life." ~Dr. APJ Kalam
"I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have." ~Thomas Jefferson
"If you want to achieve excellence, you can get there today. As of this second, quit doing less-than-excellent work." ~Thomas J. Watson
"All progress takes place outside the comfort zone." ~Michael John Bobak
"You may only succeed if you desire succeeding; you may only fail if you do not mind failing." ~Philippos
"Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear - not absense of fear." ~Mark Twain
"The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary." ~Vidal Sassoon
"The best reason to start an organization is to make meaning; to create a product or service to make the world a better place." ~Guy Kawasaki
"It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see." ~Anonymous
"The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers." ~Ralph Nader
"People who succeed have momentum. The more they succeed, the more they want to succeed, and the more they find a way to succeed. Similarly, when someone is failing, the tendency is to get on a downward spiral that can even become a self-fulfilling prophecy." ~Tony Robbins
"Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life -- think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success." ~Swami Vivekananda
"Don't let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning." ~Robert Kiyosaki
"You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something - your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life." ~Steve Jobs
"The number one reason people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family, and neighbors." ~Napoleon Hill
"The reason most people never reach their goals is that they don't define them, or ever seriously consider them as believable or achievable. Winners can tell you where they are going, what they plan to do along the way, and who will be sharing the adventure with them." ~Denis Watiley
"In my experience, there is only one motivation, and that is desire. No reasons or principle contain it or stand against it." ~Jane Smiley
"You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them." ~Michael Jordan
"Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going." ~Jim Ryun
"There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul." ~Ella Wheeler Wilcox
"Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter." ~Francis Chan
"You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction." ~George Lorimer
"Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice." ~Wayne Dyer
"You measure the size of the accomplishment by the obstacles you had to overcome to reach your goals." ~Booker T. Washington
"Real difficulties can be overcome; it is only the imaginary ones that are unconquerable." ~Theodore N. Vail
"Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor." ~Truman Capote
"Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do." ~John R. Wooden
"You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it." ~Margaret Thatcher
